Construct NeighborLists without distances, box functions to calculate distances from points (#590)
glotzerlab/freud: ChangeLog.md

and this project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## v2.3.0 - 2020-xx-xx

### Added
* Custom NeighborLists can be created from a set of points using `from_points`.

> Distances will automatically be calculated using periodic boundary conditions.

Reviewer: Looks like you marked this as resolved without changing it.
```suggestion
* Custom NeighborLists can be created from a set of points using `from_points`. Distances will be calculated automatically.
```

> * The Box class has methods `compute_distances` and `compute_all_distances` to calculate distances from arrays of points and query points using periodic boundary conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Box class has methods `compute_distances` and `compute_all_distances` to calculate distances between arrays of points and query points.
```

and this project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## v2.3.0

### Added
* Custom NeighborLists can be created from a set of points using `from_points`. 

> Distances will automatically be calculated using periodic boundary conditions.

Reviewer: In this file, write long lines instead of having a line break.
